fix(docs): docs links (#19510)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/webview2.md

## Debugging

> Inside your webview2 control, you can just right-click to open the context menu and select "Inspect" to open the DevTools or press <kbd>F12</kbd>. You can also use the [WebView2.CoreWebView2.OpenDevToolsWindow](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2.opendevtoolswindow?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1343.22) method to open the DevTools programmatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside your webview2 control, you can just right-click to open the context menu and select "Inspect" to open the DevTools or press <kbd>F12</kbd>. You can also use the [WebView2.CoreWebView2.OpenDevToolsWindow](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2.opendevtoolswindow?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1462.37) method to open the DevTools programmatically.
```
